1. What is a benefit (besides aliasing) of our `SharedPtr<T>` directly storing a “stored pointer” (we could always just
   access it through the control block, if we're not aliasing)?
      Not only is this much faster to retrieve, but there is much less risk of losing the stored pointer (or having a dangling pointer) 
      as control blocks are moved between pointers when moving or copying. Additionally, it is safer and faster to stay contained 
      in one scope and class than to constantly reach out to others for information. 

2. What is a disadvantage of having the stored pointer (instead of going through the control block)?
      The disadvantage of keeping the stored pointer reference is the space and time as these pointers to potentially large memory blocks
      are expensive to make and store. However, they are advantagous to use and this is the upside to using them, while going through the control block
      might turn out to be more expensive depending on how often that memory is going to be used or called in the future. 

3. From a system design/architecture perspective, what disadvantages are there to using shared pointers?
      Design wise, shared pointers can make a system or build more complicated and potentially introduce room for error. With more pointers, and pointers to pointers, 
      the risk of creating redundent or dangling pointers is higher. Additionally, it may be harder to update or maintain a framework, or even transform
      it into something else entirely as all of the pointers must be managed properly. 

4. From a performance perspective, what disadvantages there are to using shared pointers (say, versus a unique pointer
   or raw pointer)?
      Shared pointers are disadvantagous performance wise regarding cost and space. Shared pointers have several pointers they keep track of, all of which will 
      need time and space to initialize and be stored. Additionally, they would all need to be destructed and dereferenced 
      as opposed to unique pointers, which only have 1 pointer. 